• What did you hope to learn but did not?
When I first entered the class, I thought I am going to learn some non-javascript way of developing backends. But so far we are just 
using javascript to do it. It is working perfectly, and I am very convinced that this is a good way to develop. However, I wish we
can get exposed to other ways of developing backends such as using java or c just a little bit so we have an idea of what's going on.
One in-class exercise would suffice.

• What did you really enjoy learning about?
I really enjoy learning about React. Before taking this class, I have been learning and practising web development myself, but this
technique really outshines the other tools I've been using. It makes it easy to develop a responsive website once we get a solid 
grasp of it.

• What worked well in the course? and how?
The in-class assignment is the best part. During the normal class period there are a lot of materials covered and most of the theories
are very hard to understand. However, the in-class assignment really helped us to understand what's going on and why the things we
learn is important and how we can use them. Also, the professor has been extremely active on Piazza and has provided tremendous help
on it, which is great.

• What did not work well in the course and how might it be improved?
Some of the in-class assignments are extremely hard, it is almost like a small homework. I wish we could get more help on that after
class and get more time to work on them. Also, I think the class is covering too many materials and sometimes sweep through them, thus
making it very hard for us to actually understand some of the subjects we have learnt. Also, the TAs have not been of great help and since there is only the professor helping the students, he can get very busy and occupied, so our questions of the in class assignment sometimes
are not answered. Although we get extensive help on Piazza, it would be great if we can get some more in-person help.

• What could I have done to help you more, presentation of material, design of in class
exercises, goals of projects – and be specific please!
1. I think assignment 5 is just too much to finish in one assignment. React and Redux is a brand new subject and it takes a ton lot of time
to grasp, not to mention that we also need to write tests and connect to the dummy server. Thus, I think assignment 5 should just be
an assignment that requires us to change our draft front-end into a React-type website and then move the backend communication to
assignment 6. This will make the distribution of work more even. 
2. As I mentioned above, too many materials are covered and some are not taught thoroughly. I wish that the pace of the class can go a
little bit slower and cover less material and focus more on specific subjects. However, I think all the materials are useful and I
understand why the professor is trying to cover them, but it's just a little bit too much.
3. Some of the slides are very hard to understand because there are either too many hard-to-read codes or terms. I wish it could be
a little bit easier to read for us who are new to web development. 

• Anything else you like to say?
Thank you so much for teaching this course. I have learnt so much more than I expected. The course material is very fun and useful and
now I feel that I am more confident in saying I know web development. You have been extremely helpful, knowledgable, accessible,
and passionate about the material and the field. Thank you again and wish you the best of luck in the future.